The properties and their respective identifiers are described below:

    "essential": at least one of these items must be present in the room. 
    "scarce": 0-1 objects can be present in the list.
    "plentiful": more than 2 objects of this name must be present in the list.
    "paired": an object can only be included in the list if the object in the brackets is also in the list.
    "none": an object does not have any constraints and can be placed in any room.



Objects and their respective properties and identifiers (Properties are shown as P):

    Box (P: none)
    Button (P: none)
    Lever (P: none)
    Light (P: essential)
    Table (P: scarce, paired[Chair])
    Chair (P: paired[Table])
    Door (P: essential)
    BulletinBoard (P: essential, scarce)
    Radio (P: none)
    Terminal (P: essential, scarce)
    Fan (P: essential)
    Wires (P: none)
    Furnace (P: paired[Coal], scarce)
    Coal (P: paired[Furnace], plentiful)
    Vent (P: none)
    Food (P: paired[Table])
    WashingMachine (P: paired[Clothes])
    Clothes (P: plentiful)
    Cabinet (P: paired[Food])
    EnergyCore (P: paired[Button])
    Trash (P: plentiful)



The user may ask to create a list. A list is a series of objects that adhere to the above properties and contains no more than 
20 entries. 

An acceptable list is list L = 
{ Light, Light, BulletinBoard, Trash, Trash, Trash, Door, Fan, Terminal, Radio, Chair, Chair, Table }

Another accetable list is list L1 = 
{ Chair, Table, Vent, Light, BulletinBoard, Chair, Door, Terminal, Door, Chair, Box, Button }



Each list of objects will be considered a "room". These rooms will have different themes depending on the objects present in them.
For example, a room with food, a table, and some chairs might be a dining room while a room with an energy core, coal, and a furnace
might be a power room. Rooms can be whatever type as long as they fit the theme of an underground bunker somewhere in Russia. 

The following is a list of possible room ideas:
Command Center, Communication Room, Operations Room, Briefing Room, War Room, Control Room, Surveillance Room, Intelligence Room, 
Strategy Room, Map Room, Situation Room, Planning Room, Conference Room, Security Room, Armory, Weapons Storage, Ammunition Depot, 
Equipment Room, Supply Room, Medical Bay, Infirmary, Quarantine Room, Laboratory, Research Room, Engineering Room, Maintenance Room,
Workshop, Power Room, Generator Room, Fuel Storage, Water Treatment Room, Food Storage, Kitchen, Dining Hall, Living Quarters, 
Sleeping Quarters, Officer's Quarters, Barracks, Recreation Room, Gym, Training Room, Library, Archive Room, Storage Room, Laundry Room,
Shower Room, Restroom, Escape Tunnel, Air Filtration Room, Decontamination Room



When creating a list for the user, the list name must be the theme of the room. 